# NovelDrawing
 Many people like reading novels, at the same time, most of these people have their own impression of the characters in novels. But due to lack of drawing skills, the impression can’t be drawn. Novel Drawing is a mobile application for novel lovers, of which the theme is novel, and of which the main line is drawing characters in the novel, and of which the purpose is to enrich public life. The application has the following features.        First of all, Novel Drawing is designed for drawing users’ favorite characters. Users can create characters according to the description of novels. The application can provide some models so that it will be easier to create wonderful works. Users can change the size of every part of the character to make it be more suitable. Besides, users can share their works with their friends use both this platform and some other platforms. And they can vote for works they like. At the same time, there could be some competitions to choose the most suitable characters. In addition, authors can use this platform to design some characters in their own novels. Authors can recommend works they like. This can help authors be more close to readers and help readers understand the novel. One of the most interesting parts is the DrawBar. It is the exclusive Post Bar for users. Users can communicate with other fans of the same novel. They can discuss with each other about the content, characters and story line of the novel. Users also can make friends whit similar interest through this platform.         Nowadays, there are some applications with single function, but none of these applications can combine entertainment with social contact. There are a few applications which focus on face production, but almost all of them lack social contact. The work for this competition can achieve the goal, and Novel Drawing is innovative and groundbreaking. In addition, the authors of the novels can use this application to communicate with the readers, and can use the application to create appropriate characters for fictions they write. When it comes to user experience, the application constructs a new way of social entertainment on the basis of interests. When it comes to technical design, the project will use some existing technologies for Windows. The Visual Studio 2013 will be the development tool. The system will run Windows Phone. When it comes to user interaction and visual design, we will do our best to seek professional. The project pursues high visibility, humane, simple and clear, natural and understandable interface to give a good impression for users.        In summary, Novel Drawing is a potential and innovative project which is feasible.
